Brother Feng, I really didn't betray you
They are all the ones with the surname Gao
If it weren't for someone begging me desperately
I won't go today.
Yeah
It's true, Brother Feng
I really didn't betray you
If I lied to you
I'm struck by lightning
I won't die well
Let's get going.
Brother Feng, do you want to start a small business recently?
Our boss of Xingyue Media
Are you planning to sell the company recently?
Media Company
Well, our media company has many beautiful anchors.
That's the time.
As long as you acquire our company
You are our boss.
You can use me however you want.
A gathering place for beautiful anchors
Isn't that my cornucopia? Hahaha
How is it?
Brother Feng is acquiring a media company.
Isn't it easy for you?
Just a company
If you really want me to be your boss
Then I'll pick him up tomorrow.
Thank you, Brother Feng
You are so nice to me mua
With the help of Raymond Lam
I became the first female anchor in this city
Isn't it just around the corner?
From now on
Brother Feng is not well
Liu Tianhu also wants to acquire Xinyue Media
If he acquires this company
Life will be hard after you take me in.